This with you what I want to do is show you more about spring initialiser.
So now let's just click Create new project and there we have spring initialiser spring initialiser is
a very very convenient way to create spring applications.
Since spring Butte spring initialiser has all the dependencies listed in its interface so that you can
just check and include in your project but how things work with that as we cowered in the previous video.
You define your JDK and you say your services are out but you don't have to do anything about.
This is already provided by spring and Intel AJ for when we click next.
As you can see subring initialiser is retrieving options for us how it does that.
To understand it more let's just go to do you are al that spring initialiser is using and understand
what's going on behind the scenes.
OK so I'm just going to open up my browser and let's go to start dot sprinklered IO as you can see we
have a web interface for spring initialiser.
It's basically a restful API that you can query to create spring application templates isn't that great.
And what Intel does calls this you r l calls respites API to create the project that you desire.
So let's just take a look how it works like here.
You can choose to create either a Grettel or Mavin project and you can specify the spring boot version.
And as we've seen before you provide other details for different kinds of projects.
This is the actual dependencies part that we need with this web interface.
You just type a dependency that you need.
So let's say we're going to use the JPA and here we go and click to add it to your list of dependencies
as you seen.
This is a very basic interface we can how more options we can how advanced options with this interface
so we can just go to full version just like this.
You can see the packaging Java version language type and you have all the dependencies listed here.
You can either go here check out the dependencies that you need and click generate a project or you
can switch back to the simple version and type out the dependencies and add them to your project so
you can click generate project again.
Let's just create a demo project here and see what it's like to do it from here.
So let's leave everything as is and click generate we have then zip file.
So you extract it as you can see we have a template project we can easily include this project in intelligence
and use it from there.
This is another cool feature of spring initialiser.
You can either use the web interface just like this or you can go to intelligent idea and use the spring
initialiser from there you have two different options which are actually basically the same thing because
they're using this Ural cell that's almost there is to spring initialiser.
I'll see you on the next video where we talk about May 1 in general.